Add documentation about combining sprinkles and styles (#447)
seek-oss/vanilla-extract: site/docs/sprinkles-api.md

);
```

> You can combine your sprinkles with other styles [in the same way you combine styles on their own](/documentation/styling-api/#style).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the sprinkles function returns a standard class list, you can combine it with a custom style using [style composition](/documentation/styling-api/#style).
```

```ts
// button.css.ts
import { style } from '@vanilla-extract/css';
import { sprinkles } from './sprinkles.css';

> export const button = style([
>   sprinkles({
>     paddingX: 'medium',
>     paddingY: 'small',
>   }),
>   {
>     transition: "transform 0.2s ease-in-out",
>     ":hover": {
>       transform: "scale(1.1)",
>     },
>   },
> ])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const button = style([
  sprinkles({
    paddingX: 'medium',
    paddingY: 'small'
  }),
  {
    transition: 'transform 0.2s ease-in-out',
    ':hover': {
      transform: 'scale(1.1)'
    }
  }
]);
```
